It's probably because we've got a good photographer isn't it?
-Probably it is.
Have we got some good photos for the
magazine?
-Yeah we have!
-He did a great job!
Oh you missed out on my first photo shoot!
You weren't
here with us back then!
-That's ok, that's ok!
Is it ok? I think you missed out on my flower patterned
dress!
-Umm, if you could wear that later one more time..
Hello~!
It's pink.
It's a girly one.
Oh that's good!
It's like the beatles! The beatles!
I wanna do something like this!
-Oh it looks fun to
do!
-I wanna try something fun like this.
Something colorful like this would be nice, however, this one here looks more sophisticated.
I think it one goes well with any type of
clothes.
ALso they are made of beautiful leather.
Thank you very much!
We know we are using beautiful leather.
Can you give me one for free then?
-Of course I can.
Can anyone look after her? She has to
pay!
-No you will be paying for this!
Cute!
Super cute!
Thank you very much!
Great!
I think we are done!
-Ok!
What's coming out of your bag??
She' holding something in her bag!
She's got something big in it!
Oh yeah, something like that!
You look very cute!
Kawaii!
Takechi-chan, that's it for the day!
Well done!
Thank you very much!
You did a great job!